Hello and welcome again in this lecture we get to talk about the Linux file system.
So the top of the Linux system is the root system which is just a slash.
And this is the logical beginning of the Linux file system structure.
Every single falses file path in Linux begins from root in one way or the other as Slash contains the
entirety of your operating system.
Next one is slash bill which this is where most of your binary files are stored.
Typically for the Linux terminal commands and core utilities such as CD
PWT and the these are some of the covers we have already used in this course and something that they
use in the future.
But this is where they are kept.
The next one is flash.
This is where all the needed files for Linux to boot are kept and next one is slice death.
This is very physical devices are mulcted such as hard drive us drives optical drives the CD-ROM.
They already export the activity of system hard drive is mounted under slash def slash SDH.
RAZ You use the thumb drive might be mounted under slash desk as d e so it differs from its different
from you know different computers that have that differently.
But it's always mongered and slash.
Next one is the slash EDC which is the R at C also.
This is one of the most important five system and this is what the configuration Pozza store.
And for example one of the most important files is the host file which is this is where the host information
hostname host IP address is located.
It's the password file.
This is where all the user passwords including the root user are located.
So it's a very important system.
Next one is slush Libe.
And this is where libraries are kept.
You'll notice that many times when installing little software packages additional libraries are also
automatically downloaded and they almost always start with like dush of thing.
These are basically the files needed for your programs on Linux to work.
You can think of this folder as somewhat equal to the program files folder on Windows.
The next one is slash media could be sliced CD-ROM as well.
Another place where external drives such as optical devices and EULA's drives can be Mohmed next sort
of slash MMD And as you can guess this is all too far but it's a placeholder it's an empty file.
But what you do is I suppose if you have to if you want to use the necrophile system and Fs you would
melt your file system files flash them into.
I mean you could get anywhere you want but it's usually typically people moldered on human.
And they share it so that people who are in the same network can access that phone system.
The next one is slash BT are opt optional software for the system that is not already mandated by your
distros package manager.
So the stuff that's not installed by default can be stored here.
It depends.
You know you can install it anywhere in your system you can you can install it in your route if you
want to.
And if you have the space but good practice is to put it in slush or if you have additional optional
software that you want to use the next point is the slash route which is the home directory for the
user.
So like I remember in our example we had slash slash Larry that was Larry's home directory.
So all in all non-root users will have their home directories in slash hole flash something they'll
use a user name but for root is just slash.
This is where root files are kept.
The next one is slash Espin.
It's similar to slash except that it is dedicated to certain commands that can only be run by the user
or the super user.
Next one is slash TMB are temporary files.
This is also used in one of our modules up before and this is our temporary files are stored and they
are usually deleted up punch at them which saves you from having to manually delete them like is required
in Windows.
So they are not there permanently.
You only put stuff that you don't want to be stored permanently.
The next system is the first one to slash user which contains files and utilities that are shared between
users.
Next one is slash var.
This is also very important and you're going to be using that a lot.
The variable data kept usually system locks but could also include other types of it.
I well to see some logs.
Our var log messages are one of the files that you access a lot.
Suppose if there are any kind of crash order to think like that you look at var log messages so SSAS
slash mark slash log.
And the last one is the slash Proc. processes.
This is where a lot of system information is represented as files.
It is basically provides a way for the Linux kernel the core of the system to send and receive information
from various processes running in the Linux environment.